src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:12:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:14:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:14:	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:14:	Parameter 'regDt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:14:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:14:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:25:	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:31:	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:37:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:43:	Parameter 'alias' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:49:	Parameter 'regDt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/model/BoardVo.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/service/BoardService.java:9:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/service/BoardService.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/service/BoardService.java:21:	Local variable 'boardList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/service/BoardServiceInf.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/web/BoardServlet.java:21:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/web/BoardServlet.java:24:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/web/BoardServlet.java:24:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/web/BoardServlet.java:24:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/web/BoardServlet.java:26:	Local variable 'boardService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/web/BoardServlet.java:27:	Local variable 'boardList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/web/BoardServlet.java:30:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/web/BoardServlet.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/board/web/BoardServlet.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:5:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:5:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:6:	Local variable 'cal' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:7:	Local variable 'addResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:9:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:10:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:10:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:12:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:12:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:16:	Local variable 'minusResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:17:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:18:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:18:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:20:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:20:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:24:	Local variable 'mulResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:25:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:26:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:26:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:28:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:28:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:32:	Local variable 'divResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:33:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:34:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:34:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:36:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:36:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:41:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:51:	Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:51:	Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:55:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:65:	Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:65:	Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:69:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:79:	Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:79:	Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:83:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:93:	Parameter 'param1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:93:	Parameter 'param2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:95:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:95:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/Calculator.java:97:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:5:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:15:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'cookieStr' (lines '15'-'22').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:15:	Parameter 'cookie' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:15:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:17:	Local variable 'cookies' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:18:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookieResult' (lines '18'-'28').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:21:	Local variable 'cookieStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:22:	Local variable 'cookieNameValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:24:	Local variable 'cookieName' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:25:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cookieValue' (lines '25'-'25').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:25:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cookieValue' (lines '25'-'33').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtil.java:25:	Local variable 'cookieValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:25:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:25:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:25:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:27:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:27:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:31:	Local variable 'studentService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:33:	Local variable 'studentList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/ctag/CustomtagServlet.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:5:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:5:	Private field 'name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:8:	Parameter 'blockSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:8:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:9:	Local variable 'paddingCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:10:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '10'-'13').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:10:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '10'-'23').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:12:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:16:	Local variable 'addPaddingCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:18:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '18'-'18').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:18:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '18'-'21').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:29:	Parameter 'blockSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:29:	Parameter 'source' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '30'-'50').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'paddingResult' (lines '30'-'53').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '31'-'39').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '31'-'44').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '31'-'46').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:33:	Local variable 'lastValue' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:35:	Local variable 'zeroPaddingCount' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isPadding' (lines '39'-'44').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/AnsiX923Padding.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.beans.Encoder'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.UnsupportedEncodingException'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CBC' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CBC' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CBC' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:13:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS2' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:85:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SS3' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:120:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:155:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BIG' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:163:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:164:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:165:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Key' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:165:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:167:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:171:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:179:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:183:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:183:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:187:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:187:	Parameter 'dws' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Parameter 'K' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Parameter 'R0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Parameter 'R1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	The method SeedRound() has an NPath complexity of 625
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:191:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:192:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T00' (lines '193'-'198').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T11' (lines '193'-'200').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T00' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T11' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:198:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:200:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:203:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:206:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	Parameter 'pdwRoundKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	The method SeedEncrypt() has an NCSS line count of 114
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:213:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '214'-'218').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:214:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '215'-'219').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:215:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '216'-'220').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:216:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '217'-'221').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:218:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '218'-'224').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:219:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '219'-'229').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:220:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '220'-'234').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:221:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '221'-'239').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '222'-'252').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:222:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:224:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '224'-'225').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:224:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:229:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '229'-'230').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:229:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '234'-'235').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:234:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:239:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '239'-'240').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:239:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:252:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '252'-'253').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:255:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '255'-'256').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '258'-'259').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '261'-'262').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:264:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '264'-'265').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:267:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '267'-'268').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:270:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '270'-'271').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:273:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '273'-'274').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:276:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '276'-'277').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '279'-'280').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:282:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '282'-'283').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:285:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '285'-'286').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '288'-'289').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '291'-'292').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:294:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '294'-'295').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:297:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '297'-'298').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:300:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '300'-'301').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:303:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '303'-'304').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:306:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '306'-'307').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:309:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '309'-'310').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '312'-'313').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:315:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '315'-'316').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:318:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '318'-'319').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:321:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '321'-'322').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	Parameter 'pdwRoundKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	The method SeedDecrypt() has an NCSS line count of 114
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:340:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '341'-'346').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:341:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '342'-'347').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:342:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '343'-'348').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:343:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '344'-'349').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:344:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '345'-'379').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:345:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:346:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '346'-'351').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:347:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '347'-'356').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:348:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '348'-'361').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '349'-'366').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:351:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L0' (lines '351'-'352').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:351:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'L1' (lines '356'-'357').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:356:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:361:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R0' (lines '361'-'362').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:361:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:366:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'R1' (lines '366'-'367').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:366:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:379:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '379'-'380').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:382:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '382'-'383').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:385:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '385'-'386').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:388:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '388'-'389').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:391:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '391'-'392').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:394:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '394'-'395').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:397:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '397'-'398').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:400:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '400'-'401').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:403:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '403'-'404').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:406:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '406'-'407').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:409:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '409'-'410').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:412:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '412'-'413').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:415:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '415'-'416').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:418:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '418'-'419').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:421:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '421'-'422').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:424:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '424'-'425').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:427:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '427'-'428').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:430:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '430'-'431').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:433:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '433'-'434').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:436:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '436'-'437').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:439:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '439'-'440').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:442:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '442'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:445:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '445'-'446').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:448:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '448'-'449').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like C
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like E
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like F
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like G
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like H
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Avoid variables with short names like Z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'E' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'F' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'G' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'H' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'Z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Parameter 'rot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'C' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'E' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'F' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'G' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'H' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:467:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Z' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:468:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:468:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T00' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:469:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T11' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:481:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like C
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like E
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like F
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like G
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like H
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Avoid variables with short names like Z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'B' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'C' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'D' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'Z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Parameter 'rot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'C' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'E' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'F' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'G' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'H' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:485:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Z' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:486:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:486:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T00' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:487:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T11' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:499:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:500:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	Parameter 'pbUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	The method SeedRoundKey() has an NCSS line count of 126
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:503:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'A' (lines '504'-'518').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:504:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'B' (lines '505'-'523').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:505:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	Avoid variables with short names like C
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'C' (lines '506'-'528').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:506:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'C' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'D' (lines '507'-'533').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:507:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	Avoid variables with short names like E
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'E' (lines '508'-'538').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:508:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'E' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	Avoid variables with short names like F
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'F' (lines '509'-'543').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:509:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'F' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	Avoid variables with short names like G
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'G' (lines '510'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:510:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'G' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	Avoid variables with short names like H
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'H' (lines '511'-'553').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:511:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'H' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:513:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Avoid variables with short names like T0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:515:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:518:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'A' (lines '518'-'519').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:518:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:523:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'B' (lines '523'-'524').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:523:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'C' (lines '528'-'529').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:528:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:533:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'D' (lines '533'-'534').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:533:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:538:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'E' (lines '538'-'539').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:538:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:543:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'F' (lines '543'-'544').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:543:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:548:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'G' (lines '548'-'549').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:548:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:553:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'H' (lines '553'-'554').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:553:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:559:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:565:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:566:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:573:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'KEY_SIZE' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KEY_SIZE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:668:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'TEXT_SIZE' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'TEXT_SIZE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:669:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:671:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:671:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:671:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:672:	Local variable 'pdwRoundKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:673:	Local variable 'pbCipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:681:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:681:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:681:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:685:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:685:	Parameter 'hash' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:685:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:686:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '686'-'704').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:687:	Local variable 'pdwRoundKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:690:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'temp' (lines '690'-'712').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:690:	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:691:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp2' (lines '691'-'700').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:691:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'temp2' (lines '691'-'712').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:693:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'loop' (lines '693'-'697').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:700:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'temp2' (lines '700'-'700').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:700:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '704'-'704').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:704:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '704'-'710').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:704:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:709:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:719:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:719:	Parameter 'hash' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:721:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:723:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:724:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The method 'Encrypt' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The method 'Encrypt' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:741:	The method 'Encrypt' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:743:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:745:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:746:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:748:	Local variable 'pwdByte' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:749:	Local variable 'loop' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:755:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:763:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:764:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:765:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:767:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:768:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:769:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:776:	Local variable 'hash' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:777:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:783:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:783:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:786:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:788:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC.java:790:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC_Test.java:9:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CBC_Test.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=115, ATFD=54, TCC=0.12605042016806722)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CTR' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 36).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CTR' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 36).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	The class 'KISA_SEED_CTR' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 36).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:10:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:86:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:121:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:156:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:157:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BLOCK_SIZE_CTR_INT
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:157:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:161:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:162:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:163:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:164:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:165:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:166:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:167:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:168:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:169:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:170:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:171:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:172:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:173:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:174:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:175:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:176:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:178:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:179:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:180:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:181:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:183:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:193:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	Parameter 'dwS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:204:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:206:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:207:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:208:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:209:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:212:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:212:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:213:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:213:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:214:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:214:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:215:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:215:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'K' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'L0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'L1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'R0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Parameter 'R1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:217:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:223:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'IN_VALUE1' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'IN_VALUE2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'OUT_VALUE' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_value1_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_value2_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_value_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'IN_VALUE1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'IN_VALUE2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'in_value1_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'in_value2_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Parameter 'out_value_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	The method BLOCK_XOR_SEED() has an NPath complexity of 390625
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'IN_VALUE1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'IN_VALUE2' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:230:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'OUT_VALUE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pbOUT_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'nIncreaseValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'nMin' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'pbOUT' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:237:	Parameter 'pbOUT_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '238'-'246').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '238'-'263').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:238:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '238'-'265').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:239:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:239:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:241:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:242:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:245:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:245:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:246:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '246'-'263').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:256:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:256:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:257:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '257'-'263').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:262:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:262:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:263:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bszBackup' (lines '263'-'265').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:273:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:275:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:275:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:278:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:278:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:280:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:280:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:298:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:300:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:302:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '302'-'306').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:302:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '302'-'311').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:303:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:306:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '306'-'306').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:311:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '311'-'311').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'in_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'ks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:318:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '319'-'324').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:319:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	Local variable 'T' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:320:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:321:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:324:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '324'-'325').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:325:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '325'-'326').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:326:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '326'-'327').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:327:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '327'-'332').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:333:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:334:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:335:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:356:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:357:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:358:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:359:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'enc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'pbszCTR' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	Parameter 'pszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:371:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '372'-'386').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '372'-'427').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:372:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '373'-'427').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:373:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:374:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:376:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:379:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:386:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '386'-'387').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:387:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '387'-'388').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:388:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '388'-'389').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:389:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '389'-'394').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:394:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:395:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:396:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:397:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:400:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:417:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '417'-'418').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '420'-'422').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:420:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:421:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '422'-'427').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:422:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:423:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:432:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:433:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:434:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:434:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nCurrentCount' (lines '434'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '435'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:435:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '436'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:436:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pbszCounter_offset
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCounter_offset' (lines '437'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Local variable 'pbszCounter_offset' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:437:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pbszCounter_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:439:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:443:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:445:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pdwCounter' (lines '445'-'463').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:466:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:467:	Local variable 'nPaddngLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:468:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'message_length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'message_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'pbszCTR' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:482:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:483:	Local variable 'nOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:484:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:485:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:491:	Local variable 'nInputTextPadding' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:492:	Local variable 'newmessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:495:	Local variable 'pbszOutputText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:499:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:504:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:505:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:505:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:506:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:506:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:508:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:508:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '508'-'513').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:509:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:509:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '509'-'513').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:510:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:510:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '510'-'513').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'message_length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'message_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'pbszCTR' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:517:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:518:	Local variable 'nOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:519:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:520:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:526:	Local variable 'nInputTextPadding' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:527:	Local variable 'newmessage' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:530:	Local variable 'pbszOutputText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:534:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:539:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:540:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:540:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:541:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:541:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:543:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:543:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '543'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:544:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:544:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '544'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:545:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:545:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '545'-'548').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:557:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:558:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:559:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:561:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:561:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:563:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:563:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:567:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:567:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:568:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:568:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:572:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'key_data' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:573:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:575:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:582:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:583:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:583:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:584:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:584:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'seed_key' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:585:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'cbc_buffer' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:586:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'buffer_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:587:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'cbc_last_block' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:588:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'last_block_flag' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:589:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:591:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:604:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:606:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:607:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:609:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:609:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:609:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:610:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:615:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:621:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:621:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:621:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:627:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:633:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:634:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:640:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:641:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:641:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:647:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:649:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:649:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:650:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:650:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:651:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:651:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:652:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:655:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:655:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:656:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:656:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:657:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:657:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:658:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:663:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:665:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:665:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:666:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:666:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:667:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:668:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:668:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:670:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:670:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:671:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:671:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:672:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:673:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:678:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:679:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:680:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:688:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:690:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:692:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:696:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:698:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:698:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:700:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:704:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:705:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:708:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:709:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:712:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:727:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:734:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:735:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:736:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:737:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:737:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:738:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:739:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:739:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:740:	Local variable 'v_mask' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:740:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'v_mask' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:744:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:744:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:746:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:746:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:746:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:747:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:748:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 36.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	The method main() has an NCSS line count of 280
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:756:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:760:	Local variable 'pbUserKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:762:	Local variable 'pbData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:766:	Local variable 'bszCTR' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:772:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:772:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' (lines '773'-'871').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:773:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:779:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:781:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:783:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:784:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:785:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:786:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:787:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:788:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:789:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:789:	The String literal "Plaintext\t: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 789
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:790:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:791:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:792:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:792:	The String literal "CTR\t\t: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 792
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:793:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:794:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:799:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:801:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:814:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:815:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:816:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:816:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:816:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:817:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:820:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:820:	The String literal "Plaintext(Dec)\t: " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 820
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:821:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:822:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:822:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:822:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:823:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:825:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'test_num' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:832:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:833:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:834:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:834:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:834:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:835:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:838:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:839:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:840:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:840:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:840:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:841:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:843:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:843:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defaultCipherText' (lines '843'-'829').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:843:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'defaultCipherText' (lines '843'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:845:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'test_num' (lines '845'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:859:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:860:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:874:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:875:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:876:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:877:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:878:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:879:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:880:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:881:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:886:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pdmessage_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:888:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'process_blockLeng' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:893:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:896:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:897:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:906:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:907:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:919:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:920:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:920:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:921:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:926:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:927:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:928:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:928:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:928:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:929:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:932:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:932:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '932'-'957').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:933:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:933:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '933'-'959').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:934:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:934:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '934'-'947').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:959:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:960:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:972:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:973:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:973:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:974:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:974:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:981:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:982:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:983:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:984:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:987:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:987:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '987'-'1,038').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:987:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '987'-'1,051').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:988:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:988:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '988'-'1,040').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:988:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '988'-'1,054').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:989:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:989:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '989'-'1,026').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:991:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:991:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '991'-'1,033').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:992:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:992:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '992'-'1,032').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1011:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1012:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1013:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1014:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1015:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1016:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1017:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1018:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1040:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1041:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1053:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1054:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1054:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1055:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1055:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1060:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1061:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1062:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1062:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1062:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1063:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1066:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1066:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,066'-'1,091').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1067:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1067:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,067'-'1,093').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1068:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1068:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,068'-'1,081').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1093:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1094:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1114:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1115:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1116:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1117:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1120:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,120'-'1,166').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,120'-'1,179').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1121:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,121'-'1,168').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,121'-'1,182').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1122:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,122'-'1,154').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1125:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,125'-'1,161').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1126:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '1,126'-'1,160').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1139:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1140:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1141:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1142:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1143:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1144:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1145:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1146:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1181:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1188:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1189:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1190:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1191:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1194:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,194'-'1,219').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1194:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,194'-'1,232').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1195:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,195'-'1,221').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1195:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,195'-'1,235').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1196:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1196:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,196'-'1,209').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1236:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1242:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1243:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1244:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1244:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1245:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1248:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1248:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,248'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1249:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1249:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,249'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1250:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1250:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,250'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1252:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1252:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,252'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1253:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_CTR.java:1253:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '1,253'-'1,254').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=115, ATFD=47, TCC=0.16302521008403362)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	Avoid really long classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class 'KISA_SEED_ECB' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 35).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class 'KISA_SEED_ECB' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 35).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	The class 'KISA_SEED_ECB' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 35).
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:11:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	Parameter 'dwS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:22:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:24:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:59:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:94:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:94:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:129:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:129:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:165:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:166:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:167:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Avoid variables with short names like A
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Parameter 'A' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:168:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'A' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like L0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like L1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like R0
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like R1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'K' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'L0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'L1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'R0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Parameter 'R1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'L1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R0' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'R1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:175:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:191:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:191:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:192:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:192:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:193:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:193:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:194:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:194:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:196:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:196:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:197:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BLOCK_SIZE_SEED_INT
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:197:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:197:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'in_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'ks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:202:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '203'-'208').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:203:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	Local variable 'T' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:204:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:205:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:208:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '208'-'209').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:209:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '209'-'210').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:210:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '210'-'211').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:211:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '211'-'216').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:240:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:241:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:255:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:257:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:257:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:260:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:260:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:262:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:262:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:275:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:277:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '279'-'283').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '279'-'288').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:280:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:283:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '283'-'283').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:288:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '288'-'288').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:298:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:299:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:304:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:305:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:307:	Local variable 'pbszPlainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:308:	Local variable 'nPlainTextLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:310:	Local variable 'nPlainTextPadding' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:311:	Local variable 'newpbszPlainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:314:	Local variable 'pbszCipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:319:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:325:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:330:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:330:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '330'-'335').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:331:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:331:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '331'-'335').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:332:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:332:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '332'-'335').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'in_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'ks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:349:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	Avoid variables with short names like LR
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '350'-'355').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:350:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LR' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	Local variable 'T' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:351:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	Local variable 'K' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:352:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:355:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '355'-'356').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:356:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '356'-'357').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:357:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '357'-'358').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:358:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'LR' (lines '358'-'362').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:362:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:363:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:364:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:365:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:386:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:387:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:389:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'pbData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:402:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:404:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:404:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '404'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:404:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:405:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:406:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:407:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:408:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:408:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outlen' (lines '408'-'429').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:408:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outlen' (lines '408'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nRetOutLeng' (lines '409'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:409:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nPaddingLeng' (lines '410'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:410:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:412:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:412:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '412'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:412:	Local variable 'pbszCipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:413:	Local variable 'nCipherTextLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:417:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:418:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:418:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:421:	Local variable 'newpbszCipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:424:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '424'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:424:	Local variable 'pbszPlainText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:435:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:436:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:437:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:443:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:446:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:446:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '446'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:447:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:447:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '447'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:448:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:448:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '448'-'456').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:449:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:453:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:454:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:460:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:461:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:461:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:462:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:462:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'seed_key' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:463:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ecb_buffer' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:464:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'buffer_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:465:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'ecb_last_block' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:466:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'last_block_flag' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:467:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:469:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:482:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:483:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:484:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:486:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:486:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:488:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:488:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:492:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:492:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:493:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:493:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:497:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'key_data' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:498:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:500:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Parameter 'enc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	Parameter 'pbszUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:513:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '514'-'527').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '514'-'568').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:514:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '515'-'568').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:515:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:516:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:518:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:520:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:527:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '527'-'528').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:528:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '528'-'529').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:529:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '529'-'530').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:530:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '530'-'534').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:534:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:535:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:536:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:537:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:540:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:557:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '557'-'558').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '560'-'562').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:560:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '562'-'568').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'inLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:570:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:572:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:572:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nCurrentCount' (lines '572'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '573'-'583').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '573'-'600').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '573'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:573:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'in_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '574'-'584').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '574'-'601').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '574'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:574:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:576:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:580:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:584:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'out_offset' (lines '584'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:600:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in_offset' (lines '600'-'616').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'out_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Parameter 'out_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	Parameter 'pInfo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:618:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:619:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:620:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:620:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:623:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:624:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:627:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nPaddngLeng' (lines '627'-'650').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:646:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:662:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:663:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:663:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:664:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:664:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:665:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:665:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:666:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:666:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:667:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:667:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:668:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:668:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:669:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:669:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:670:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:670:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:671:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:671:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:672:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:672:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:673:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:673:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:674:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:674:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:675:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:675:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:676:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:676:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:677:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:677:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:680:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:684:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Avoid variables with short names like KC
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'K_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Parameter 'KC' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Parameter 'K_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'KC' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:690:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:693:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:694:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:702:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:703:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:703:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:704:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:704:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:705:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:705:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:712:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:712:	Parameter 'pbUserKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:712:	Parameter 'pdwRoundKey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:713:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '713'-'718').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:713:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ABCD' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:714:	Avoid variables with short names like T
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:714:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:715:	Avoid variables with short names like K
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:715:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'K' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:718:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '718'-'719').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:719:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '719'-'720').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:720:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:720:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '720'-'721').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:721:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:721:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ABCD' (lines '721'-'725').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:725:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:726:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:727:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:728:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:732:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:749:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'T' (lines '749'-'750').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '751'-'752').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:751:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'K' (lines '752'-'753').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:752:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:755:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:757:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:758:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:760:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:760:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:760:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:761:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:766:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:772:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:772:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:772:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:778:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:784:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:785:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:791:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:792:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:792:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:798:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:800:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:800:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:801:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:801:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:802:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:802:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:803:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:806:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:806:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:807:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:807:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:808:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:808:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:809:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:814:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:816:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:816:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:817:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:817:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:818:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:819:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:819:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:821:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:821:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:822:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:822:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:823:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:824:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:829:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:830:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:831:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:839:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:841:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:843:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:847:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:849:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:849:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:851:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:855:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:856:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:859:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:860:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:863:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:878:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:885:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:886:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:887:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:888:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:888:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:889:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:890:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:890:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:891:	Local variable 'v_mask' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:891:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'v_mask' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:895:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:895:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:897:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:897:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:897:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:898:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:899:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	The method main() has an NCSS line count of 304
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:906:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:910:	Local variable 'pbUserKey' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:913:	Local variable 'pbData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:915:	Local variable 'pbData1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:916:	Local variable 'pbData2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:917:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '917'-'939').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:918:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '918'-'941').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:920:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:921:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:922:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:922:	The String literal "\n\n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 922
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:926:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:928:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:932:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:933:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:934:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:935:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:936:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:937:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:943:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:944:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:945:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:947:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:948:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:949:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:952:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:952:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '952'-'957').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:953:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:953:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '953'-'959').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:961:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:961:	The String literal "Ciphertext(enc)\t: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 961
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:962:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:963:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:965:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:965:	The String literal "Plaintext(dec)\t: " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 965
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:966:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:967:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:969:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:969:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '969'-'974').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:970:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:970:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '970'-'976').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:976:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '976'-'987').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:978:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:979:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:980:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:982:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:983:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:984:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:986:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:986:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbCipher' (lines '986'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:987:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:987:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '987'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:993:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:995:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:997:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:998:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:999:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1000:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1001:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1002:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1003:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1009:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1009:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'PLAINTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1010:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1010:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'CIPHERTEXT_LENGTH' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1015:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'process_blockLeng' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1017:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1020:	Local variable 'nRetOutLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1021:	Local variable 'nPaddingLeng' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1034:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1035:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1046:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1047:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1051:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1052:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1055:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1056:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1058:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1060:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1060:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,060'-'1,171').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1061:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1061:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,061'-'1,173').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1062:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1062:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,062'-'1,160').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1063:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1063:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,063'-'1,075').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1073:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,073'-'1,138').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1075:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,075'-'1,156').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EncryptedMessage_length
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'EncryptedMessage_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1077:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'EncryptedMessage_length' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1080:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1080:	The String literal "DECRYPT FAIL! " appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 1,080
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1090:	Local variable 'cipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1098:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1099:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1117:	Local variable 'message_length' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1117:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'message_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1121:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1122:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1123:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1128:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1133:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1134:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1135:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1138:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,138'-'1,212').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1140:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1140:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,140'-'1,166').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1194:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1195:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1197:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,199'-'1,235').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,199'-'1,308').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1199:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,199'-'1,320').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,200'-'1,237').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,200'-'1,310').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1200:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,200'-'1,322').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1201:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1201:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,201'-'1,227').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1201:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,201'-'1,297').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1202:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1202:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,202'-'1,214').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,212'-'1,258').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,212'-'1,266').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1212:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,212'-'1,277').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1214:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,214'-'1,293').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1219:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1229:	Local variable 'cipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1237:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1252:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1260:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,260'-'1,308').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,260'-'1,320').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1261:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,261'-'1,310').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1261:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,261'-'1,322').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1262:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1262:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,262'-'1,297').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,266'-'1,277').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1267:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1272:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1273:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1274:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1277:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1277:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,277'-'1,349').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1279:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1279:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pbszCipherText' (lines '1,279'-'1,303').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1310:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1311:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1322:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1323:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1327:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1328:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1331:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1332:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1334:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,336'-'1,372').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,336'-'1,387').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1336:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,336'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,337'-'1,374').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,337'-'1,391').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1337:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,337'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1338:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1338:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,338'-'1,364').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1338:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,338'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1339:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1339:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,339'-'1,351').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,349'-'1,395').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1349:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,349'-'1,403').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1349:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,349'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1351:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'info' (lines '1,351'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1356:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1366:	Local variable 'cipherText' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1367:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbszPlainText' (lines '1,367'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1374:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1375:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1389:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1391:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1392:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1397:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1397:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '1,397'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1398:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1398:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cdata' (lines '1,398'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1399:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1399:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outbuf' (lines '1,399'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1403:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '1,403'-'1,421').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1404:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1409:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1410:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/KISA_SEED_ECB.java:1411:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:3:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:11:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:11:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:13:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:14:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:15:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:19:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:20:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/seed/StringUtil.java:21:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=68, ATFD=31, TCC=0.05873015873015873)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:10:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:15:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA256_DIGEST_BLOCKLEN
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHA256_DIGEST_VALUELEN
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:18:	Parameter 'plainText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like encryptStringBuffer
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:19:	Local variable 'encryptStringBuffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:20:	Local variable 'encryptByte' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:26:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:32:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:48:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:52:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:56:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:56:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:56:	Parameter 'dwS' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:56:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:57:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like B
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like D
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'B_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Parameter 'B' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Parameter 'B_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Parameter 'D' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'B_offset' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:60:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'D' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:64:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:65:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Parameter 'z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:67:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like z
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Parameter 'z' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:68:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:69:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:70:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:72:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:73:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_a' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:75:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_b' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:76:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_c' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_d' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:78:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_e' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:79:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_f' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:80:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_g' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:81:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'abcdefgh_h' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:82:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid long parameter lists.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid using short method names
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like X
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like g
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'X' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'g' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Parameter 'j' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:84:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'X' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:85:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'x_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Parameter 'x_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:92:	Unnecessary final modifier in final class / private methods
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:96:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:102:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Parameter 'Message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ChainVar' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:103:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Message' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '104'-'115').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Avoid variables with short names like T1
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'T1' (lines '105'-'144').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Local variable 'T1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:105:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'T1' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Avoid variables with short names like X
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '106'-'110').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '106'-'113').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '106'-'144').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:106:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'X' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:107:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:109:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '110'-'110').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '110'-'113').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'X' (lines '110'-'144').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:112:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '115'-'116').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '116'-'117').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '117'-'118').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '118'-'119').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '119'-'120').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '120'-'121').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'abcdefgh' (lines '121'-'122').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	Parameter 'Info' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:150:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Info' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'uDataLen'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Parameter 'pszMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:169:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Info' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:170:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'pszMessage_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:172:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:172:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Parameter 'Info' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Parameter 'pszDigest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:194:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Info' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:195:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Index' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:219:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:220:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:220:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Parameter 'pszDigest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Parameter 'pszMessage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:229:	Parameter 'uPlainTextLen' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:230:	Local variable 'info' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:237:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:238:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:238:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:238:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:239:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:239:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:240:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:240:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:241:	Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:241:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:241:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:244:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:246:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:247:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:249:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:249:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:249:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:250:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:255:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:261:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:261:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:261:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:267:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:273:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:274:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:280:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:281:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:281:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:287:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:289:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:289:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:290:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:290:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:291:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:291:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:292:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:295:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:295:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:296:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:296:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:297:	Local variable 'mask_value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:297:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value2' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:298:	Local variable 'value2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'b_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Parameter 'b_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:303:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:305:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:305:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:306:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:306:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:307:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:308:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:308:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:310:	Local variable 'shift_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:310:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'shift_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:311:	Local variable 'mask_value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:311:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'mask_value' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:312:	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:313:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'value'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:318:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:319:	Local variable 'iLen' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:320:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:328:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:330:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:332:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:336:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:338:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:338:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:340:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:344:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:345:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'src_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'dst' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Parameter 'src_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:348:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:349:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Parameter 'ENDIAN' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ENDIAN' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:352:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'dst_offset' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Parameter 'dst_offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:367:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:374:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:375:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:376:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:377:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:377:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:378:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:379:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:379:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:380:	Local variable 'v_mask' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:380:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'v_mask' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:384:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:384:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:386:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:386:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:386:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:387:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:388:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:393:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:393:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:395:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbData' (lines '395'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:395:	Local variable 'pbData' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:401:	Local variable 'pbData1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:403:	Local variable 'pbCipher' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:404:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pbPlain' (lines '404'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:404:	Local variable 'pbPlain' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:406:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:407:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:408:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:409:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'Plaintext_length' (lines '411'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'Plaintext_length' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:411:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Plaintext_length' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:416:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:417:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:418:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:423:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:424:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:425:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:427:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'Plaintext_length' (lines '427'-'443').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:432:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:433:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:434:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:437:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:438:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256.java:439:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:21:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:21:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:21:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:28:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:31:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:34:	Local variable 'sos' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:36:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:37:	Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:38:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:39:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '39'-'40').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:40:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:40:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '40'-'45').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:47:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileDownloadServlet.java:47:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:31:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:31:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:33:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:38:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:38:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:39:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:39:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:43:	Local variable 'uploadFilePart' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:48:	Local variable 'contentDisposition' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:49:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:49:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:51:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:52:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:52:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:59:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:72:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'path' (lines '72'-'82').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:72:	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:77:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUploadServlet.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:3:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:6:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'fileUploadPath' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:8:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:17:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'str' (lines '17'-'27').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:17:	Parameter 'contentDisposition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:19:	Local variable 'files' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:22:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '22'-'28').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:25:	Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtil.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtilTest.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtilTest.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtilTest.java:19:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/FileUtilTest.java:52:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:25:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:25:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:25:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:28:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:33:	Local variable 'studentService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:34:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:42:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'fileName'.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:42:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '42'-'59').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:42:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:45:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:48:	Local variable 'sos' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:50:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:50:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:51:	Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:52:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '53'-'54').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:54:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '54'-'59').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:61:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:61:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/file/PicDownloadServlet.java:61:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.annotation.WebFilter'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:23:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:23:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:25:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:25:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:29:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:35:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:40:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:40:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:42:	Local variable 'defCompWrapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:52:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:52:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompFilter.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompServlet.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompServlet.java:17:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompServlet.java:17:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompServlet.java:17:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompServlet.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:13:	Private field 'map' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:15:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:27:	Local variable 'defComps' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:30:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:35:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:36:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:37:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:38:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:40:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:55:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/DefCompWrapper.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.servlet.annotation.WebFilter'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:26:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:26:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:27:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:27:	Private field 'requestCountMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:29:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like sc
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:35:	Local variable 'sc' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:38:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '43'-'44').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:53:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:53:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/filter/RequestCounterFilter.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/FormatServlet.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/FormatServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/FormatServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/FormatServlet.java:19:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/FormatServlet.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlCoreServlet.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlCoreServlet.java:21:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlCoreServlet.java:21:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlCoreServlet.java:21:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlCoreServlet.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlCoreServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlCoreServlet.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:23:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:26:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:26:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:26:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'studentService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:33:	Local variable 'studentList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:38:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:38:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:49:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/JstlForeachServlet.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:23:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:23:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:25:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:25:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:29:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:33:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:35:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:39:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:39:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like localeSelectWrapper
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:44:	Local variable 'localeSelectWrapper' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:54:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:54:	Parameter 'fConfig' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectFilter.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectServlet.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectServlet.java:17:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectServlet.java:17:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectServlet.java:17:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectServlet.java:18:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'locale' (lines '18'-'19').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectServlet.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:14:	Private field 'map' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:16:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:23:	Local variable 'locale' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:26:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:31:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:32:	Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:33:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:34:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:34:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:36:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:50:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/LocaleSelectWrapper.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/jstlIfServlet.java:16:	Class names should begin with an uppercase character
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/jstlIfServlet.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/jstlIfServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/jstlIfServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/jstlIfServlet.java:19:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/jstlIfServlet.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/jstlIfServlet.java:23:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/jstl/jstlIfServlet.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:12:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:12:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:15:	Parameter 'sre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:16:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:17:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:17:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:17:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:21:	Parameter 'sre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:22:	Local variable 'req' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:23:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/RequestListener.java:23:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:16:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:16:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:18:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:18:	Private field 'loginSessionMap' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like se
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:21:	Parameter 'se' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:23:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:23:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:30:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like se
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:36:	Parameter 'se' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:39:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like se
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:46:	Parameter 'se' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:9:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:11:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:11:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:14:	Avoid variables with short names like se
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:14:	Parameter 'se' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:15:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like se
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:19:	Parameter 'se' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:20:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/listener/SessionListener.java:20:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:21:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:24:	Document empty method body
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:24:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:24:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:24:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:28:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:28:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:28:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:32:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:35:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:38:	Local variable 'userId' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:39:	Local variable 'Password' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:39:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Password' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:44:	Local variable 'userService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:45:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:49:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:58:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:59:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/LoginServlet.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/Logout.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/Logout.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/Logout.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/Logout.java:19:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/Logout.java:24:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/login/Logout.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:14:	Private field 'sqlSessionFactory' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:27:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:28:	Local variable 'lprodList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:34:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:44:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:45:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:46:	Local variable 'lprodList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:61:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDao.java:62:	Local variable 'cnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoInf.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.session.SqlSessionFactory'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoInf.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'kr.or.ddit.mybatis.SqlMapSessionFactory'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoInf.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoInf.java:23:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:4:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_id' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:4:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:5:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_gu' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:6:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_nm' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:8:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:8:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:10:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:13:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:13:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_id' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:13:	Parameter 'lprod_id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:16:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:19:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:19:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_gu' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:19:	Parameter 'lprod_gu' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:22:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:25:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:25:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'lprod_nm' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:25:	Parameter 'lprod_nm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/model/LprodVo.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:23:	Local variable 'lprodDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:27:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:37:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:38:	Local variable 'lprodDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:40:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:40:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:43:	Local variable 'pageList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:47:	Local variable 'totCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:51:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:52:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:59:	Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:59:	Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:59:	Parameter 'totCnt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cnt' (lines '60'-'64').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:61:	Local variable 'mod' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:63:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:66:	Local variable 'pageNaviStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:66:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 285 characters appended.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:68:	Local variable 'prevPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:69:	Local variable 'nextPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:70:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'activeClass' (lines '74'-'76').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:75:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodService.java:81:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodServiceInf.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.session.SqlSession'
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodServiceInf.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/service/LprodServiceInf.java:22:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:27:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:27:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:27:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:28:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:28:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:30:	Local variable 'pageStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:31:	Local variable 'pageSizeStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:33:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:34:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:40:	Local variable 'lprodService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:42:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:45:	Local variable 'lprodList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:46:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:50:	Local variable 'pageNavi' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:53:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:58:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:60:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/web/LprodServlet.java:60:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/SqlMapSessionFactory.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/SqlMapSessionFactory.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/SqlMapSessionFactory.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/SqlMapSessionFactory.java:15:	Local variable 'resource' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/SqlMapSessionFactory.java:21:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/mybatis/SqlMapSessionFactory.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:13:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:30:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:41:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:44:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:54:	Parameter 'config' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:55:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:59:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:59:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:59:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:62:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like dt
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:63:	Local variable 'dt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:72:	Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:72:	Parameter 'resp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/BasicServlet.java:72:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:21:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:24:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:24:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:24:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:37:	Local variable 'servletContext' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:42:	Local variable 'studentService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:46:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ElServlet.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ForwardServlet.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ForwardServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ForwardServlet.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ForwardServlet.java:19:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ForwardServlet.java:20:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ForwardServlet.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ForwardServlet.java:23:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/ForwardServlet.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:23:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:31:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:31:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:40:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/HelloServlet.java:40:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:23:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:31:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:31:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:35:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:51:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:53:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/IndexServlet.java:53:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/RedirectServlet.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/RedirectServlet.java:17:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/RedirectServlet.java:17:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/RedirectServlet.java:17:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/RedirectServlet.java:22:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:16:	Class names should begin with an uppercase character
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:19:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:19:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:19:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:22:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:24:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:25:	Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:27:	Local variable 'startNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:28:	Local variable 'endNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/mulCalculation.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:17:	Class names should begin with an uppercase character
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:20:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:20:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:20:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:25:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:26:	Local variable 'end' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:28:	Local variable 'startNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:29:	Local variable 'endNum' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:44:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:47:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/sumCalculation.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:16:	Class names should begin with an uppercase character
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:22:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:31:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:31:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like pw
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:35:	Local variable 'pw' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:65:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/servlet/tableServlet.java:66:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:23:	Private field 'sqlSessionFactory' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:35:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:36:	Local variable 'studentList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:42:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:52:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:53:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:54:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:59:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:69:	Parameter 'studentvo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:70:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:71:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:76:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:86:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:87:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:88:	Local variable 'studentList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:103:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:104:	Local variable 'cnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:110:	Parameter 'studentVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:111:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDao.java:112:	Local variable 'updateCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoInf.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoInf.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoInf.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoInf.java:31:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoInf.java:42:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoInf.java:63:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoInf.java:72:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:8:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'call_cnt' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:15:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'reg_dt' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:17:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:17:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:23:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:31:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:39:	Parameter 'addr1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:47:	Parameter 'addr2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:55:	Parameter 'zipcd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:63:	Parameter 'pic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:71:	Parameter 'picpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:79:	Parameter 'picname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:83:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:87:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:87:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'call_cnt' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:87:	Parameter 'call_cnt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:91:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:95:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:95:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'reg_dt' is not final.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:95:	Parameter 'reg_dt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:95:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/model/StudentVo.java:100:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:12:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:37:	Local variable 'studentDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:41:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:51:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:51:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:52:	Local variable 'studentDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:56:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:66:	Parameter 'studentvo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:67:	Local variable 'studentDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:71:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:81:	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:82:	Local variable 'studentDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:84:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:84:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:87:	Local variable 'pageList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:91:	Local variable 'totCnt' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:95:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:96:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:103:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:114:	Parameter 'page' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:114:	Parameter 'pageSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:114:	Parameter 'totCnt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cnt' (lines '116'-'120').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:117:	Local variable 'mod' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:119:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:122:	Local variable 'pageNaviStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:122:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 291 characters appended.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:124:	Local variable 'prevPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:125:	Local variable 'nextPage' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:126:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:130:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'activeClass' (lines '130'-'132').
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:131:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:137:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:143:	Parameter 'studentVo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:143:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentService.java:144:	Local variable 'studentDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceInf.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceInf.java:20:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceInf.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceInf.java:31:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceInf.java:42:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceInf.java:53:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceInf.java:62:	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentDetailServlet.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentDetailServlet.java:22:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentDetailServlet.java:22:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentDetailServlet.java:22:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentDetailServlet.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentDetailServlet.java:24:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentDetailServlet.java:27:	Local variable 'studentService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentDetailServlet.java:28:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentDetailServlet.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:24:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:27:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:27:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:27:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:36:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:37:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:41:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:41:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:43:	Local variable 'pageStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:44:	Local variable 'pageSizeStr' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:46:	Local variable 'page' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:47:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:53:	Local variable 'studentService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:57:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:60:	Local variable 'studentList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:61:	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:65:	Local variable 'pageNavi' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:68:	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:73:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:75:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentServlet.java:75:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:29:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:29:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:29:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:32:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:32:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:33:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:36:	Local variable 'studentService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:37:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:47:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:47:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:47:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:52:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:52:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:53:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:54:	Local variable 'addr1' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:55:	Local variable 'addr2' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:56:	Local variable 'zipcd' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:58:	Local variable 'picPart' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:61:	Local variable 'studentService' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:62:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:76:	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDisposition
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:76:	Local variable 'contentDisposition' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:77:	Local variable 'pic' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:78:	Local variable 'picpath' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:79:	Local variable 'picname' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/student/web/StudentUpdateServlet.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDao.java:5:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDao.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDao.java:7:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDao.java:17:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDao.java:20:	Local variable 'userVo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoInf.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/dao/UserDaoInf.java:7:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:11:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:11:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:17:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:17:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:24:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:30:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:36:	Parameter 'userNm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:40:	Parameter 'Password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:40:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:40:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Password' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:41:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:42:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:42:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:44:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:54:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:56:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:56:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:60:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:62:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/model/UserVo.java:62:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserService.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserService.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserService.java:9:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserService.java:19:	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserService.java:20:	Local variable 'userDao' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceInf.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/or/ddit/user/service/UserServiceInf.java:6:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:9:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:11:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:27:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:28:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:36:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:51:	Local variable 'addResult' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:69:	Local variable 'minusResult' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:87:	Local variable 'mulResult' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:105:	Local variable 'divResult' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/calculator/CalculatorTest.java:117:	Local variable 'divResult' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:10:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:13:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:25:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:27:	Local variable 'cookies' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:46:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:48:	Local variable 'cookie' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:53:	Local variable 'cookieArr' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:64:	Local variable 'cookieUtil' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/cookie/utill/CookieUtilTest.java:68:	Local variable 'cookieValue' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:9:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:11:	Private field 'logger' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:11:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:23:	Local variable 'plainText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:24:	Local variable 'plainText2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:27:	Local variable 'encryptText' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:28:	Local variable 'encryptText2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:29:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:29:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:30:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/encrypt/kisa/sha256/KISA_SHA256_Test.java:30:	debug logging that involves string concatenation should be guarded with isDebugEnabled() checks
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoTest.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoTest.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoTest.java:14:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '14'-'22').
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoTest.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoTest.java:16:	Local variable 'lprodDao' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoTest.java:19:	Local variable 'lprodList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoTest.java:21:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoTest.java:21:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoTest.java:22:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/lprod/dao/LprodDaoTest.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:27:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:39:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '39'-'45').
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:42:	Local variable 'studentList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:44:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:44:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:45:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:59:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:61:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:64:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:79:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:81:	Local variable 'paramVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:82:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:82:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:86:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:103:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:103:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:106:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:109:	Local variable 'pageList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:116:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:120:	Local variable 'cnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:136:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/dao/StudentDaoTest.java:147:	Local variable 'updateCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:27:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:32:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'vo' (lines '32'-'37').
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:35:	Local variable 'studentList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:36:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:36:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:37:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:44:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:46:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:49:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:50:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:58:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:60:	Local variable 'paramVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:61:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:61:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:65:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:66:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:81:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:83:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:83:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:88:	Local variable 'resultMap' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:91:	Local variable 'pageList' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:94:	Local variable 'totCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:111:	Local variable 'totCnt' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:112:	Local variable 'pageSize' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:114:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cnt'.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:114:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'cnt' (lines '114'-'118').
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:114:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cnt' (lines '114'-'126').
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:115:	Local variable 'mod' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:117:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cnt' (lines '118'-'126').
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:121:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'naviSize'.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:121:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'naviSize' (lines '121'-'126').
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:121:	Local variable 'naviSize' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:121:	Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:122:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:123:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:123:	Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:124:	System.out.println is used
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:124:	Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:131:	Local variable 'studentVo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/or/ddit/student/service/StudentServiceTest.java:142:	Local variable 'updateCnt' could be declared final
